So the challenge was to process the
values list that our code produced, and you
can see that on screen. We need to
replace each of the string values with a
numeric equivalent, and just to recap, if I
run this, there's the output down the bottom.
So we've seen how to convert a
string to an int, using the int function.
The solution involves iterating over the
list, and converting each value. There are
a couple of ways you could do that, so
I'm going to write the code for both of them.
The first method we're going to look at, is to
replace each value, in turn, with its
integer equivalent. Let's have a go at
doing that. I'm gonna start on line 29, with a
comment - this is the first option -
to replace the value, or the values, in
place. The actual code will be for index
in range, left parenthesis len left
parenthesis values_list,
two right parentheses and a colon.
Then values_list left square bracket,
index right square bracket, is equal to
int left parenthesis value_list,
then our left square bracket again, index,
right square bracket and right parenthesis.
Then line 33, we'll print out values_list.
So we're iterating over the range of
indexes, from 0 to the length of the list.
Remember that range doesn't include the
final value. Our indexes will run from 0
to 6, because the length of the list is 7.
For each index value, we'll replace the
item at that position with its integer
value. So we run the program now - you
should hopefully see the list will
contain 7 ints, and we can see that's the
case, there. Clearly we can see the
previous list there, which was strings,
and then the latest list there, down the
bottom, which is a list of ints.
I want to draw your attention to this warning on
line 31. You can see there, I've got a
warning about unexpected types, if I
hover over it. Normally, you should pay
attention to any warnings that your IDE
will give you. Here, what we're doing is,
we're accessing string items in the list,
then assigning a new integer value.
The checker's correctly
determined that we're assigning an int to
something that was a string. It's warning
us, in case that's not what we intended.
However, in this case, that's exactly what
we intended.
We're mutating the entire list - replacing
all the strings with ints - so in this
particular case, we can safely ignore
that warning. But strangely, though, it's
the word index that's been highlighted,
and that can be confusing. That's not
what it's complaining about, and we
can see that, if I replace int, over here,
with string. The other warning's gone,
which shows that it was the integer value,
on the right of the equals, that the checker objected to.
Fortunately, strange results like this
are very rare, but I just thought I'd
warn you about it, so you don't spend
hours trying to fix code that isn't broken.
Most of the time - and I really do
mean most of the time - the warnings
will be accurate, so keep that in mind. Alright,
so I'm going to undo that change and go
back to our int. Run it again.
We should have the same output. Right, so
let's move on. Now the other thing you
may have done, is instead, create a new
list and append the integer values to it.
So I'm going to go ahead and do that.
We'll make a comment that this is the second
method - this is creating a new list,
or create a new list, will be our approach.
So I'll start by calling the new list
integer values, so integer_values equals an empty list,
which is left and right square brackets.
I'll use a for loop again, so for value
in values_list  : and then integer_values
dot append left parenthesis, int, left
parenthesis value, then two right closing
parentheses. Then we'll print out the
output on line 40, print integer_values.
So this time, we're getting each item from the list.
We're converting it to an int and appending it
to the new list. So once again, run the
program, and confirm that the new list
contains only ints, and you can see on
screen there, that that is the case. There
are often several ways to do things,
and you'll find that different ways will
have different
advantage's and disadvantages. So can you
spot any advantages and disadvantages,
with the two solutions on the screen
there, now. If you're not sure, watch the
earlier videos, on removing items from a
list, again. Don't just think about the
data we've got here - remember  to consider
when the list is very large. So I'd like
you to think of one advantage, that the
first for loop has over the second,
and also one disadvantage. Now please don't ask for the answer in the Q&A. At some point
in the course, when it's a relevant part
of what we're discussing, I'll come back
to this. Keeping you in suspense like
this may seem mean, OK I guess it really
is mean, but programming's not just about
writing code. Often it's about asking the
right questions. Having questions like
this in the back of your mind,
will really help you to choose the optimal
way to write your code.  Alright, so
that's the end of lists, for now.
We'll be using lists a lot, throughout the
course. You'll see different ways that
they can be useful and get plenty of
practice using them. But moving on in the
next video, we're going to look at
another data type - tuples. See you in the
next video.